[main]
host = https://www.transifex.com

[bili.bilibilidanmupot]
file_filter = bili.biliDanmu.<lang>.po
minimum_perc = 0
source_file = bili.biliDanmu.pot
source_lang = en
type = PO

[bili.bilibililoginpot]
file_filter = bili.biliLogin.<lang>.po
minimum_perc = 0
source_file = bili.biliLogin.pot
source_lang = en
type = PO

[bili.bilibilisubpot]
file_filter = bili.biliSub.<lang>.po
minimum_perc = 0
source_file = bili.biliSub.pot
source_lang = en
type = PO

[bili.bilicommandpot]
file_filter = bili.command.<lang>.po
minimum_perc = 0
source_file = bili.command.pot
source_lang = en
type = PO

[bili.bilifilterpot]
file_filter = bili.filter.<lang>.po
minimum_perc = 0
source_file = bili.filter.pot
source_lang = en
type = PO

[bili.bilijsonparser2pot]
file_filter = bili.JSONParser2.<lang>.po
minimum_perc = 0
source_file = bili.JSONParser2.pot
source_lang = en
type = PO

[bili.biliprintinfopot]
file_filter = bili.PrintInfo.<lang>.po
minimum_perc = 0
source_file = bili.PrintInfo.pot
source_lang = en
type = PO

[bili.bilisetsettingspot]
file_filter = bili.setsettings.<lang>.po
minimum_perc = 0
source_file = bili.setsettings.pot
source_lang = en
type = PO

[bili.bilistartpot]
file_filter = bili.start.<lang>.po
minimum_perc = 0
source_file = bili.start.pot
source_lang = en
type = PO

[bili.bilivideodownloadpot]
file_filter = bili.videodownload.<lang>.po
minimum_perc = 0
source_file = bili.videodownload.pot
source_lang = en
type = PO
